BLAZESQUAD WILDFIRES
This is the submited Blazesquad Wildfires exe application, Created by William White, Lewis Truong and Mariano Pimentel 
for our Fall 2019 Advance Game Development final. It is a firefighting "simulator" which you must prevent the spread of
a forest fire by cutting down surrounding plants without cutting down the entire forest in the process.

William White : Lead Director/Project Manager/Programmer
Developed and coded the fire script and fire spread scripts (Yes it’s called the fire script). These two scripts were the 
main core of the game and part of the minimum viable product goal. Coded part of the playerMovement script. Actively directed 
implementations into the game and reined in focus on the more important tasks (A cinematic cutscene to fly into the face of 
animation is not the focus of the game). Developed pseudocode; primarily, the aforementioned fire related scripts, as well 
as coding the ability for players to shift between chopping and moving code within the playerMovement scripts.

Lewis Truong : Artist/Programmer
Created assets and prefabs for nearly every object in the game (made proudly with only primitives). Coded the Game Manager 
that does what it says, manages the game, the Plant Manager, which randomly select(s) the plants to set on fire and check 
if there are no fires left in conjunction with the Game Manager. Also coded the player movement, via mouse click, and worked 
alongside with William to also implement the cutting down script. Created the cinematic cutscene (which is very important to 
the visual stylization of the game thank you very much), and the design of the User Interface.

Mariano Pimentel : Level Design/Programmer
Drew and conceptualize map designs for the game which would be the basis for other maps added into the game. Designed and 
coded the camera controller that would allow the player to view and move around the map. Included sprites for certain images 
and textures, such as the control sprites used to inform player of controls. Helped conceptualize and design game mechanics, 
such as the variability of fire spreading within shapes of trees and bushes. 

Post Mortem Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LwxqLwBnyjo-1uPl4LrcLNQBZxuE9v4eKREzl_zmfn8/edit?usp=sharing
